# Meeting Minutes Dec. 6, 2023
## 4:30 pm ðŸ•Ÿ

## Attendance (6/9)
- Jackson
- Varun
- Birdy
- Lakshya (leaving early)
- Om
- Shrivaths
  
## Agenda
- Project check-ins (with each team)
- Follow up on [last meeting's follow ups](2023-12-4.md)
- Follow up on in-class criteria update
- Set feature cutoff

## Minutes
- JS team check-in
  - Shrivaths: Working on test functions right now
  - Om: Should be in a state where we can merge now
    - Working on getting more posts from Lemmy
    - Jackson: Make it a const
    - Birdy working on refactoring using the factory pattern / separation of concerns
    - "Is factory pattern the best way to go about this?"
      - We'll see
      - **TODO: make a document of some sort with our decision**
  - Lakshya: Interleaved post fetching? Loading was taking too much time -- pass the container into each fetcher class
    - Load the post as soon as the JSON is available
  - Do we wait until tests are done to merge?
  - Team wants to merge now (Lemmy branch into main)
    - Birdy's refactoring isn't merged in yet
  - **We NEED to document our branching strategy** -- as feature branching
  - **We NEED a documented code of conduct**
  - **We NEED to deploy more often**
    - CD to Netlify is currently on default settings that we don't know **(and should document)**
  - Merge Birdy's refactoring into the Lemmy branch right now, merge Lemmy branch to main afterwards (when tests are done)
  - Birdy actually wants to do the merging right now
  - **Jackson: EVERYONE needs to be updating GitHub Issues -- or else it'll be a bad look**
  - Varun: should link PRs to issues
- Design team check-in
  - Jackson: settings.js first draft done, trying to get unit testing working
    - Issues with importing files into unit tests
    - Om: Solution on lemmy branch -- treat all JS files as modules **(make an ADR for this!)**
  - Varun: looked into my functions and instance info -- no way to directly tell if the network is correct for the instance
  - Shrivaths: how to name test files?
  - Jackson: standardize "[js file]_tests.js", **make an ADR for this**
- Devops team check-in:
  - No one present at meeting; need to check in over Slack
- From last meeting:
  - Core functionality NOT done. Set it as ASAP or keep moving date back?
  - Jackson / Varun: End of Saturday should be the cutoff for most features
  - Varun has a final on Saturday from 3-6
  - Om is out of commission today and tomorrow
  - Is there any way we could get the Mastodon functionality merged in by tomorrow:
    - Om: depends on Birdy's refactoring
    - Before class tomorrow? Om: 40/60
    - Birdy: refactoring is functional, but needs more work. In terms of merging should be fine
    - Shrivaths: can take a look but might not be done before class
    - Om: 20-30% chance that it can be done AFTER class. Says he will be available all Friday
  - *a lot of stressing out over deadlines*
  - Unit tests on Mastodon fetcher --only blocker. How long will this take?
    - Jackson: Can we delay refactoring until after lemmy branch merge?
  - **Raise PR for refactoring TONIGHT**
## Follow up for Friday (special meeting at 11am)
Follow up with ppl over Slack if they can't make it
  - **Have Lemmy branch merged to main by Friday 12pm**
  - There will need to be settings integration after the fact
  - Settings unit tests will be done by then
  - Review code of conduct draft -- will have to do async, draft on Google Docs, link sent in Slack
  - Will ping @everyone if we forgot anything
  - Feature cutoff is **End of day Saturday**
*Meeting ended at 5:22 pmðŸ˜¬*

    
