# Meeting Minutes Nov. 13, 2023, 4:30pm

## Attendees
- Jackson
- Varun
- Birdy
- Lakshya
- Om

## Agenda
- Discuss next steps for presentation 
- Discuss next steps for actual project
- Discuss demo for Farley chapter

## Minutes
- waiting until 4:40pm to see how many people join
- for examples, maybe we do a diagram - Varun
  - hard to explain with a diagram
- generic presentation tip - to have less text and not just end up reading off of slides
- prioritize explainability over just bullet points
- for demo
  - Varun will coordinate with Josh
  - will add a demo slide
  - will probably use Netlify functions
- example in the slides would be a way to explain it that's not just sentences
- avoid walls of text in the slides if possible
- work on 'little prototype' to experiment with mastodon API - by Wednesday
- work on architecture and other design docs - by Wednesday
- it's week 7 so we need to ramp up the final project
- we can start sending out polls to see what types of roles people would prefer

## Following up on Wednesday
- Send out Google calendar invites
- Announcements to send:
  - edits to slides
  - opinions on chapter
  - demo coordination
  - prototype stuff
  - polls for roles
- Things to do by Wednesday
  - mess with API and have a little prototype
  - respond to role polls
  - send any opinions about design/architecture

*Meeting ended at 5:03*
