# Meeting Minutes Nov. 11, 2023, 3:00pm

## Attendees
- Jackson
- Shrivaths
- Birdy
- Siddharth
- Eric

## Agenda
- Farley "Separation of Concerns" Brainstorming
  - Prof said we should start this now
- Scoping GitHub Actions pipeline

## Minutes
- Do we have to write our own examples? Make a presentation?
  - Om noted possible build issues -- "something to do with build" (a big vague)?
- Sidd suggested we ChatGPT it
- Birdy suggests we write some JavaScript for each key section -- "simple numeric operations"
- Is it worth running the code instead of just having it on the slides?
- Eric and Birdy suggest "making short videos"
- [Google Slides link created](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jfp2zOZ00nGrhcRhdx2aKBL8p0kKFTIrsJWYL0ksh68/edit?usp=sharing)
- Suggestion: have 1-2 people work on the pipeline instead of the presentation (target is 1 unit test passing)
  - We have to do it in JS since the code we're testing is JS
  - Sidd doesn't feel comfortable enough with JS to take it on by Tuesday
  - May be a single-person task only (pair programming)?
- ChatGPT example is bit dense and hard to follow
- Improve on textbook examples?
  - How would we do that?
  - "Just go over it"
- One big example or bespoke examples per concept?
- One example per concept for now
  - Birdy suggests we have one per concept with an overarching theme
    - (Ecommerce? Distributed FizzBuzz?)
    - Shrivaths suggests we take a vote
    - Sidd doesn't have an opinion
    - No further objections, *let's go with distributed fizzbuzz*

## Following up on Monday
- Each of us take a concept
  - Jackson - Dependency Injection
  - Shrivaths - Essential and Accidental Complexity
  - Birdy - Importance of DDD
  - Sidd - Ports and Adapters
  - Eric - TDD for Separation of Concerns
- Combine and condense on Monday (pick the examples and points we like best)
- Each person is not limited to just their concept
- Get feedback from people who weren't here
  - Highkey try to have them finish it up
  - Have them present -- evil but viable
- Yell at the rest of the group to do the pipeline if we're carrying the Farley presentation
  - Especially if no one responds to the Slack ping!

*Meeting ended at 3:58*
