# Meeting Minutes for Dec. 8, 2023
11:05 AM ðŸ•š (nonstandard meeting)

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Shrivaths
- Om
- Birdy

## Agenda
- From last meeting:
  - Followup: Can we merge Lemmy to main?
  - Settings unit test check in
  - Code of conduct update (not started yet, draft link [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cBFNcGW36W6OxEHC2Z_XH7xpyf1LkPdVuyX5QbTPqlY/edit?usp=sharing]))
- General repo README followup (Josh's)
  
## Minutes

### Lemmy to main merge
- Om: It's time
- Discussion of next steps (clarification that mocking localStorage was for settings and not paging -- but could be used for paging)
- Merged Birdy's refactoring
- Time to make PR for lemmy into main (let's try to get it out of the way in this meeting)

### Settings unit tests (Jackson)
- Most of the way there but fetching and await was a pain in the ass
- Since not all instances are guaranteed to be up at all times, validator maybe should just check the URL
- **Fetcher will need a way to deal with an instance that happens to be unresponsive**

### Making the PR for Lemmy
- GitHub actions failed for Node 16 but not Node 18
  - We're actually using Node 20 for tests locally so we should probably update it to that
  - Message sent to Josh and Sidd
  - Actually let's do this now since Varun did that part of the pipeline anyway
- Documentation error -- incomplete JSDoc on mastodonFetcher
- Merge successful!

### Code of Conduct
- Will eventually make a PR to add to repo and will require review by all group members (approval = signing it)

### Josh's README.md
- On readme update branch
- Needs explanation of folders
- Add architecture diagram of how the app works
- Ping him on slack

## Follow up for tomorrow
- Code of conduct draft (for real this time) (Jackson et. al)
- Settings merge (Jackson)
- Paging is next for the JS team -- check in on how that's doing
  - Feature branching -- it's formalized now
- Check in on everyone's ADRs

## Closing remarks
- Jackson will be most free tomorrow so he'll be cramming in work
- Varun: we will make an availability slack channel (for finals week)
- Code freeze is on Wednesday at noon -- still should act like it's on Monday
- Tentative feature cutoff -- end of the day tomorrow (core functionality)

*Meeting ended at 11:58 AM*
