# Meeting Minutes for Nov. 29, 2023
## 4:30 pm :clock430:

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Birdy
- Om
- Shrivaths

## Agenda
- Go over HTML skeleton state
- BIG ITEM: tomorrow's check-in presentation thing

## Minutes
### Go over HTML skeleton state
- Jackson screen sharing current state
- Went over custom element and shadow dom relating to Post.js file
- Jackson fixed columns !
- Will integrate with JS by tonight for functional demo
- If Lemmy posts can be integrated, great, if not, still great but less great
- Could use Factory pattern to make Lemmy and Mastodon posts
- Even though we're only supporting those two networks for now, we want to code in a way where we could add more networks later on
  - Professor will like this

### BIG ITEM: tomorrow's check-in presentation thing
- Set up Netlify deployment
- Fine if we are under 10 min
- Things to talk about:
  - Miro
    - how we designed it
  - Website
    - CSS headaches
    - HTML/JS code structure (custom element Post for example, maybe PostFactory)
  - We have a pipeline but no tests **yet**

## Things to do by Saturday
- We need to finish MVP
  - Support for Lemmy (highest priority)
  - Accessibility tags and stuff (aria)
  - Settings page
  - Multiple Instances (lowest priority)

*Meeting end at 5:03 ðŸ•”*
