# Meeting Minutes for December 13, 2023
## Second sprint and overall project retrospective
10:00 AM ðŸ•™

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Shrivaths
- Birdy
- Josh (second half)

## Agenda
- Follow up on documentation loose ends
- Retrospective
  - What we didn't have time for
  - Notes for future devs

## Minutes
- Waiting on more attendees -- kind of hard to do a retrospective async

### Documentation
- Update diagram: needs to be done
  - Move website link to top of readme
  - Follow up with Sidd due to bus factor, but he's taking a final right now
- Shrivaths working on trending posts spec
- Josh: need to follow up with him about style docs
- Fill out releases section with one release that just has the website link (Josh)
  
*Do by tomorrow*

Josh joins

### Sprint retrospective (the last week and a half + overall project)
Will harass team on Slack for their own thoughts to add to this document later.

#### What went well
- We have something that works. Mostly.
- Meetings were consistent
- We did a lot of documentation things right from the start (e.g. issues and meeting minutes)
- Our pipeline was set up early and works well

#### What didn't go well
- Schedule overruns (we had buffer time and by God we used it)
- Schedule conflicts with other projects during weeks 10-11
- Had to settle for feature branching instead of CI

#### What we would do differently
- Decide subteams a lot sooner
- Have a consistent meeting time a lot sooner
- Remember to make ADRs from the start

#### What we didn't have time for / Notes for future devs
- CACHING. Caching is the key. It would make this website so much nicer to use.
  - This is especially true if you refresh a lot, you get rate limited to hell
- More comprehensive tests -- we aimed for as high a coverage percentage as reasonably possible, knowing that unit tests

#### Misc. thoughts
- ðŸ¦—

## Follow up tomorrow morning on Slack
- Doc "deadline" (around noonish two)
- Video coordination (will start tomorrow, dedicate Friday to video production)

*Meeting ended at 10:35*
