# Meeting Minutes for Nov. 25, 2023
## 3:00pm ðŸ•’

## Attendees
- Varun
- Om
- Sidd
- Josh
- Jackson
- Birdy

## Agenda
- Discuss subgroup progress
- Talk about strategy for update video
- Sprint Retrospective

## Minutes
### Subteam work recap
- Design subteam
  - miro board with wireframe
  - screenshots in slack
- Testing and actions pipeline subteam
  - Sidd and Josh discussed work items and JSDocs creation
  - Sidd is setting up the pipeline for JSDoc generation by end of day
  - Josh was doing linting and style stuff } on a branch on the repo
  - ESLint setup, file will be automatically styled on saving
- Javascript Subteam
  - Wanted to make a better prototype, in branch on repo
  - Investigated the data that the APIs returned and mapped it onto divs

### Sprint Retrospective
#### What went well
- all subteams performed their goals well
- range of goals and made progress on a lot
- subteams have been communicating well

#### What could have gone better
- Work was not too consistent due to holidays and midterm
- Starting some work earlier
- We didn't do daily standups

#### What we change going forward
- Let's not extend sprints in the future
- Doing daily standups

### Video Recap
- Not make it fancy
- Give timeline over the next few weeks
- Look at final presentation } clarify with prof
- 2 more week-long sprints
- get all stuff recorded by noon Sunday
- 30 sec screen recording per subteam

## ASAP:
- get all stuff recorded by noon Sunday
- 30 sec screen recording per subteam
- setup another subteam meet

## By Monday:
- think about issues for next sprint

*Meeting ended at 3:37*
