# Meeting Minutes for 12/2
3:10 pm ðŸ•’

## Attendance
- Jackson (big late)
- Josh
- Shrivaths
- Eric
- Sidd
- Lakshya
- Birdy

## Agenda
- Things we were supposed to have done by now
- Powell feedback (there's a lot, it's in Slack #general)

## Minutes
- Bare minimum MVP features
  - Lemmy integration
  - Paging
  - Settings
- Team-by-team-updates
  - Design / HTML team
    - Eric is self-learning
    - Varun and Jackson doing slides and being otherwise busy
  - JS team
    - Shrivaths -- small Lemmy prototype, needs refactoring. Should be able to be done by Monday
  - Devops
    - Josh -- nothing new as of now
    - Out of tasks? Merge with JS or Design as you see fit
    - Sidd having mic trouble -- looked at the issue with the pipeline
- Varun's feedback notes
    - ADRs for things like custom components, tests, etc.
    - Documentation about the pipeline
    - Code coverage report
    - Look into differing Mastodon server APIs / differing user IDs on servers for the same user
    - Feed interaction
    - XSS vulnerabilities
    - Algorithm improvements
  - Eric: Missing code coverage report
  - Shrivaths: README
    - What the website is, how the repo is organized, admin, website URL
    - How much of this goes in the README vs on other documents?
## Follow up on Monday
