# Meeting Minutes for Nov. 22, 2023
## 4:30pm ðŸ•Ÿ

## Attendees
- Jackson
- Josh
- Shrivaths
- Siddharth
- Birdy

## Agenda
- Take first steps to schedule subgroup work

## Minutes
- Lakshya unavailable until the end of the project
- Check-ins with each group
- Pipeline:
  - Josh has some experience, wants to set up VSCode settings
- Design:
  - Josh expressed interest in helping out (with HTML and trying on CSS -- mood tbh)
  - Jackson will send out scheduler after this meeting
  - First will be wireframing -- everyone is welcome but it's not everyone's problem
- JavaScript:
  - Shrivaths starting to look into it
  - Birdy looking into refined prototype
  - "Refined prototype" is approximation of trending
  - Varun mentioned "architecture document" -- ask him what this is about
  - Doesn't seem like we'll need anything like that
- Time for starting scheduling conversations
- Josh and Sidd are breaking off to schedule right now
- Current guidance: make one branch for prototyping

## ASAP:
- Mention next steps in Slack channel
- Schedule subgroup meetings

## By Saturday:
- Do as much of the "First Tasks" section for each group as possible

*Meeting ended at 4:54*
