# Meeting Minutes for December 12, 2023
10:00 AM ðŸ•™

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Josh
- Sidd
- Eric
- Lakshya
- Birdy
- Shrivaths (a bit later)

## Agenda
- PR for josh-fixes branch (sheesh)
- Feedback on principles
- Brainstorm blending style
- Tasking and scheduling out the rest of the day

## Minutes

### josh-fixes check in
- Deploy preview
  - Looks good, load time still an issue (hard to round-robin)
    - Look into variable post limit instead of hardcoded 50
    - Dependency inject the post limit? With a default value
  - Lemmy.ml may be having issues in the near future
  - Timeout needed
  - Reload image issue
  - Paging scroll up inconsistent
  - TODO: remove dropdown button
  - Varun: Put loading sign in header?
  - TODO: outline style rules somewhere (at least the ones being used in the linter)

### Team principles
- Merge conflicts for docs shouldn't happen anymore
- Pending review from Om, who isn't present
- Sidd leaving meeting soon
- Lakshya leaving

### Blending style
- Josh picked round-robin, works well enough

### New issues
- Pre-fetch first page to reduce load time
- Fetching timeout
- Image reloading issue
- Inconsistent page scroll
- Remove dropdown button
- Add linter docs (Josh)

*These are all polish / bug related so they should be labeled 'essential'*

## Follow up later today at 3pm and 8pm
- New issues
- For those looking to contribute, orient yourself using GitHub issues. Remember you can self-assign!

*Meeting ended at 10:52 am*
