# Meeting Minutes November 15, 2023, 4:30pm ðŸ•Ÿ

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Shrivaths
- Om
- Lakshya

## Agenda
- What we learned from the API demos
- Roles and scoping
- Populating GitHub issues
- Sprint planning (Today to next Wednesday; three sprints in total)
- Midterm question discussion (due Sunday night)

## Minutes
### API
- Timelines for each tag -- only organized chronologically
- Most Mastodon servers end up with the same trending posts
- Might need to branch out from Mastodon or get posts specifically from one server only
- Shrivaths running into request errors
- Lakshya still new to JS

### Roles and Scoping
What roles are there?
- Design (Not Om)
- Testing / Devops
- CSS
- JavaScript / API-facing
Shrivaths: CSS and a bit of JavaScript

### Sprint Planning (aka what do we need to have done before next week):
- Wireframe
- Finalize scope (MVP is trending posts from Mastodon and Lemmy, across instances)
- PixelFed is a nice to have

### Midterm Questions
- Each person takes on a small, medium, and a large. Post in dedicated slack channel

## Follow up before Saturday (11/18)
- Send out poll ASAP
- Assign GitHub issues shortly afterwards
- Start working on questions!
