# Meeting Minutes for December 12, 2023 (3/3)
8:00 PM ðŸ•—

## Attendance (6/9) (nice)
- Varun
- Jackson
- Shrivaths
- Om
- Kaize
- Eric

## Agenda
- Check on fetching PR
  - Run Lighthouse again
- Decide what final polish we could want (if any)
- Update instance lists
- Make fetching timeout change
- Schedule retrospective (since we probably don't wanna do that tonight)

## Minutes

### Fetching PR
- Lighthouse perf is worse due to unfortunate GIF pfp
  - Only offender is "enormous network payloads", 80% of which is just that one GIF
  - How to make profile pics non blocking?
  - Let's go ahead and merge right now anyways and worry about that afterwards;
    - Batching tag queries is better anyway

### Further performance improvements
- Give lazy loading a try
- It works as a marginal improvement
- Combine it with updated default instance lists
- MINOR ISSUE: borders render differently in Chrome than Firefox
- PR, bada bing bada boom
- Ping Josh about absentee linter rule docs
  
### README.md
- Architecture diagram needs to be updated
  - Not part of code freeze, could be theoretically done later

### Button fixing
- Another PR, decided to add pointer cursor and hovering

### Console.logs removed?
- Birdy vouches for their removal
- Jackson forgot to remove them in his code

### Timeouts
- Let's put Varun's theory to the test

### Const and let are inconsistent still
- Updated ESLint to prefer const because that way it can be automatically enforced
  - Consistency is more important than which opinion we go with

- Om says he has to go
- Eric leaves without a word
  
## Follow up tomorrow at 10am
- Retrospective
  - What we didn't have time for
  - Notes for future devs (particularly on caching)
- Loose ends of docs
  - Josh's style rules
  - JS team's trending spec -- image or an explanation

*Meeting ended at 10:13pm ðŸ˜¬*
