# Meeting Minutes for December 12, 2023 pt. 2/3
3:00pm ðŸ•’

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Shrivaths
- Sidd

## Agenda
- a11y -- how to attempt?
- Discuss interleaving options
- Check in on new issues

## Minutes

### What's been merged so far
- Scrolling issue
- Dropdown button removed

### Default instance lists
- Decided but not merged in yet
- May as well since our load mods need to be scalable

### Document linter rules
- Check in with Josh when he wakes up (unhit by bus)

### Image not loading bug
- Unable to reproduce, will shelf until it appears again

### Fetching timeout
- Next TODO, "should be a quick patch" - Varun

### New issues to make
- Validate markup with W3
- Look for an a11y validator (Lighthouse?)

### Existing issue to emphasize
- Varun: should toss a whole subteam at prefetching
  - Not gonna be as quick of a patch
  - Shrivaths? Others on the JS team
  - Finalized limit approach

## Follow up tonight at 8pm
- Varun on a11y
  - Expand to W3 validation and Lighthouse (after fetch patch)
  - Add Jackson and possibly Lakshya / Eric if they respond
- Shrivaths et. al on fetching (feat. Sidd?)
  - Fetching will clash with timeout so do timeout after this
- Josh on linter rules
- Pinged Lakshya, can pick what he wants to work on

## Scheduling
- Work on video after code freeze
  - Can dedicate Friday at least

*Meeting ended at 3:35pm*
