# Meeting Minutes November 18, 2023, 3:00pm üïí

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Varun
- Shrivaths
- Birdy
- Siddharth
- Om
- Eric
- Lakshya

## Agenda
- Roles and scoping; assigning roles to people 
- Assigning first issues
- Midterm questions submission check-in (due Sunday night / Canvas submission Monday)

## Minutes

### Roles and Scoping

- Design
  - Lakshya, Eric
- Testing + Actions pipeline
  - Sidd, Josh
- CSS / HTML
  - Jackson, Varun
- JavaScript
  - Shrivaths, Birdy, Om

### First issues
- Design + CSS / HTML
  - Wireframing (with Miro)
  - hi-fi mockup (with Figma or Miro if it's possible)
- Testing + Actions pipeline
  - Adopt a set of style rules and set up ESLint
  - Learn how to set up ESLint for VSCode so we can have feedback during development
  - Set up a GitHub wiki page with the style rules/guidelines/policies
  - Look into docs generation from JSDoc comments
- JavaScript
  - Create a more refined prototype for grabbing trending content
  - How to use the API calls to get trending posts, parse + organize the results
  - Look at ActivityPub as well
  - Mastodon + Lemmy
  - Can just output JSON
  - use JSDoc comments

### Midterm Questions
- Everyone submit questions to slack channel
   - Submit as 3 separate messages
   - Vote/react with üëç on a question to approve it

## Follow up before Monday (11/20)
- Set up github issues for each task
- Everyone submit questions to slack channel
   - Submit as 3 separate messages
   - Vote/react with üëç on a question to approve it
- Try to coordinate with team about tasks

## Follow up before Wednesday (11/22)
- Teams finish above tasks

