# Meeting Minutes for Nov. 27, 2023
## 4:35 pm :clock430:

## Attendance
- Jackson
- Josh
- Birdy
- Eric
- Shrivaths

## Agenda
- Check in with each team (since Saturday)
- See what should be done by Wednesday's meeting

## Minutes
- Started late and a lot of awkwardly silent waiting around
- Pipeline team has docs generator working, otherwise bottlenecked by other teams
- Design team needs to get HTML skeleton done by Wednesday ideally
   - probably jank and no custom tags yet
   - that can come later after our design settles
- JS team: working prototype, needs HTML, looking for ways to integrate other logic

## Things to do by Wednesday
- HTML team cram
- Looking into the additional logic for JS team (not priority)
- Anyone can contribute to the HTML (though mob coding it is hard)

