# Meeting Minutes for 12/4
4:30 pm ðŸ•Ÿ 

## Attendance
- Jackson 
- Josh
- Varun
- Sidd
- Om
- Birdy

## Agenda
- Sprint retrospective
- Merging all the branches
- Team updates

## Minutes
- started at 4:40
  
### Sprint retrospective
#### What went well
- Lot of progress
- Momentum
- Communicating and scheduling
- Meetings are going well (effective)
- Got ideas from class presentations
- We realized how much documentation we are lacking

#### What didn't go well
- We are 2 days late with some core features
- We realized how much documentation we are lacking
- Busy week for the whole team

#### What we will change going forward
- Feature branching (organically evolved)
- More aggressive work
- Add more tests and documentation 

### Merging all the branches
- merged and deleted most branches
- lemmy and settings branches are still open - consistent with feature branching

### Team updates
- js team showed lemmy work in progress
  - could refactor into generic fetcher class/module/functions so networks can be added without touching index.js
  - fetcher class will contain "the algorithm"
- showed settings page wip
  - varun and jackson will work on functionality and make functions that fetcher can call (to get instances)
- changed the way documentation is generated and deployed
- sidd will be working on ADRs
    
## Follow up on Wednesday
- varun send sidd ADR template
- progress on lemmy and settings page } core functionality
- **caching because local-first**
- more documentation and testing
  - josh will do readme
- ideal: all core functionality complete by Wednesday

## Follow up on Friday
- Product that we'd be okay as our final
- Heavy focus on quality of code, testing, documentation, etc
  
*Meeting ended at 5:18*
